fix: [MTM-58369] add missing release notes for UI (#1870)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-10-18-496-1-issue-with-c8y-cli-task-for-extracting-strings-from-source-code-on-windows.md

---
date: 

> title: Issue with c8y cli task for extracting strings from source code on windows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Strings are correctly extracted from source code on Windows
```

change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
product_area: Platform services
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-56234
version: 10.18.496.1
---

> Fixed an issue with `c8ycli locale-extract` on Windows where the extracted locales.pot file didn´t contain any entries. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue with `c8ycli locale-extract` on Windows where the strings where not correctly extracted from the source code. Now the extracted locales.pot file correctly contains all entries.
```
